Add custom block explanation (#307)
giantswarm/docs: src/content/guides/advanced-coredns-configuration/index.md

The proxy plugin also supports much more detailed configuration which is documented in the [upstream documentation](https://coredns.io/plugins/proxy/).

## Advanced configuration

> In case you need to use an additional plugin or existing plugin but with special configuration, you can use the `custom` block in the configmap. It will be parsed directly to the Corefile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case you need to use an additional plugin or an existing plugin but with a special configuration, you can use the `custom` block in the configmap. It will be parsed directly into the Corefile.
```

```yaml
data:
  custom: |
    proxy foo.com 1.1.1.1 {
      policy least_conn
      spray
    }

>     cache 200 {

Reviewer 2: wouldn't this result in two cache entries?

Author: no, I avoid the first one once you defined in the custom block

      denial 1024 10
    }
```

> __Warning:__ Please make sure you test the final `Corefile`carefully. We do not take responsibility of wrong custom configuration that could break workload communication.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
__Warning:__ Please make sure you test the final `Corefile` carefully. We do not take responsibility of wrong custom configuration that could break workload communication.
```

> __Warning:__ Please make sure you test the final `Corefile` carefully. We do not take responsibility of wrong custom configuration that could break workload communication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__Warning:__ Please make sure you test the final `Corefile` carefully. We do not take responsibility for incorrect custom configuration that could break workload communication.
```
